So now we serialize some additional information about the outer of the comment using the user field
and we have created a specific resource for that.
But as I've mentioned the problem is that we will be making a separate query to fetch the user of each
comment because we are just using the comments relation as a field which is lazy loading it.
So it's not loading it with all the relations that this comment might have.
So there is actually extremely easy way to handle this in Lovell.
So what we will do is we would tell this resource to only try to serialize the user relation of the
comment if it is being already loaded and there is a method inside the resource class to achieve just
that.
And you will call that using this when loaded.
So you are still creating this as an element of the array.
You are creating the resource to serialize this user but you just have wrapped this user inside when
loaded method
and now let's see what we get.
So
something went wrong here yes.
So actually this is not accepting that this user relation is accepting the name of the relationship.
Sorry for that.
So the name of the relationship is user.
As you can check it on the comment model.
That's the name of the method.
So you have to provide the relation name which is user now let's refresh and voila.
And while this is something that we do not wants to happen because now we don't have a user at all but
it protects us from making unnecessary requests for relationships that weren't loaded at once.
So now to have this user on every comment in the API we will pass different things to this comment resource
collection static method and we will actually use this relationship as a method and tell it to fetch
it with the user relationship.
And of course since we are generating a query here finally we have to call get let's go back to that
post mum and now you have the user and it is done effectively because older users are fetch together
with comments.
So basically to display this data you are making at most two queries and not one for the comments and
then for every single comment.
Another one to fetch a user.
So this is how you would handle that.